At last!
The world of the Infinite Tsukuyomi is now here!
Naruto! You can't right now!
Don't go outside!
Without my Susano'o's protection,
you'd be bound up in his genjutsu as well!
Itachi's Story – Light and Darkness: Birth and Death
FIRE What in the world is going on?!
WIND
EARTH
LIGHTNING
WATER
Just what is this?
Are they inside?
Blocking the light with the Susano'o?
What's going on outside right now?
Sasuke?
What difference will it make, knowing that?
There is nothing you can do right now.
Sasuke… That's not the point.
Naruto and I also want to know.
In order to analyze our next move,
Sakura is… Kakashi… You're being just like Sakura now.
Just be quiet for a bit.
Hey, Sasuke!
We need to work as a team!
Team 7 needs to work together to bring Madara down!
You're right. There's nothing I can do right now…
Kakashi Sensei!
If you can analyze what's outside with your left eye,
Sasuke…
you should be the one to lead Team 7's four-man squad.
Huh?!
I doubt he's better at planning than either you or Sakura!
Although he may be better than me…
Anyway…
Madara has activated his jutsu.
It's a powerful genjutsu.
I suspect everyone outside has fallen under its spell.
We might be the only ones
left unaffected.
The Infinite Tsukuyomi, huh?
So right about now, everyone's…
Inside a dream.
Lord Kiba!
I think I'll start by establishing a new holiday called Dog Day!
It's the Hokage's Decree!
Everyone will own a dog!
Go get a dog!
It's the Hokage's Decree!
I've finally found a new species!
There, there…
Wow!
What a feast! This looks so tasy!
I went all out and cooked all this just for you, dear!
Looks like you've found a fan!
Thanks for the food!
I just love gluttons! I think they're so manly!
I'm sorry… I ate your share too.
It's okay… There's so much more!
I am so happy!
How many times do I have to tell you?!
If you're going to be late coming back from a mission,
let me know!
I made dinner for nothing,
- Marriage is such a drag. - and you kept me waiting.
I think I'll pass.
- Haven't you learned after all these years? - Yeah.
I won't let you have Ino.
Ino is my woman… Get lost!
No, she is my woman.
Stop fighting, both of you!
My daughter's so popular.
This is such a pain!
Great Leaf Hurricane!
Youth prevails!
Oh, Lee!
I love you!
S-Sakura!
- Sai! - Sai!
Oh, Sai.
Hey, Sai.
Good morning, everyone.
'Morning.
You have a really nice smile, as usual.
Do you think so?
You really do have a beautiful smile, Sai.
It is super cool!
Oh… Sai! Your smile's the best in the Hidden Leaf!
I've finally perfected it!
It flies! It moves! My ultimate puppet!
He embodies all the dreams of the Sand!
You will be the guardian deity of the Sand!
Let's go!
Elder Sister, Elder Sister!
Please help me. I need to pick your brain!
Calm down. What is it?
You see… Hold on!
Let me discuss something with you first!
You're the Kazekage now. Make your own decisions.
No!
I really want to hear your opinion!
Me too! Please, Elder Sister!
It just has to be you! Elder Sister!
Elder Sister!
My little brothers are so hopeless.
And then Gaara—!
Is that so? At the Academy?
Uh-huh!
Lord Gaara.
Your friend is here to see you.
Hey!
What are we gonna play today?
Let's go outside!
Gaara…
Don't stay out too late.
Uh-huh.
So when can we get outta here?
It seems the genjutsu runs on moonlight.
Which will gradually wane.
But as long as there's light, it's useless.
Damn it!
I need to tell you everything before we part.
There's no need to lie anymore.
I'll show you the entire truth.
These are Itachi's memories!
Back then, Itachi told me about the discord
between the Hidden Leaf and the Uchiha…
but that wasn't all.
These aren't just memories…
It's Itachi's knowledge, his thoughts, his suffering…
I will love you always…
It's everything that Itachi Uchiha the shinobi was…
Madara… Don't talk about the Uchiha.
The only one who has that right is my Big Brother.
So this is…the Great Ninja War.
Water! Water!
Th-Thank you…
Ninja Tools?
Father…
Why did this shinobi try to kill me?
I didn't do anything…
Because this is war.
"War"?
It's not a war between people.
It's a war between nations.
That's why strangers kill each other meaninglessly.
Is that what it is?
That is what the shinobi world is.
Listen, Itachi…
Never forget this sight…
Uh-huh.
We managed an armistice, but the sacrifice was just too great.
Lord Third intends to take full responsibility and retire.
There are voices in support of installing you, Captain, as the Fourth Hokage.
- Please… - Enough talk.
What should we do about Kakashi Hatake?
He doesn't belong to our clan, but he possesses the Sharingan.
I understand Obito Uchiha fought bravely.
Let's respect his wishes.
We should bring the Sharingan back to the Uchiha…
The war just ended.
Do not sow seeds of discord.
Yes, sir.
We finally have peace.
We will persevere to maintain it.
That is the duty of the Uchiha…
Grieving over the dead is meaningless.
If there's any meaning in death, it's to take advantage of it.
What is the meaning of life?
There is none.
There's meaning in life if it's eternal.
There's no meaning…
in life?
No one wants to die, right?
You guys…
What is life, anyway?
Please take care.
Thank you very much!
Mom…
What is it?
Are you sick?
Oh, it's nothing like that.
You see…
You're going to have a little brother or sister.
Yes. You're going to be a big brother.
Mom, I want a little brother.
But a sister will be cute too, wouldn't it?
I have a feeling it's going to be a little brother.
Oh!
It's snowing!
It will be born in the summer.
It's a boy! He's your little brother.
A life…
A new life.
Have you decided on a name?
Yes.
Sasuke…
Sasuke Uchiha.
Oh… It's a fine name, but that's…
Yes, it's Lord Third's father's name. I've already asked Lord Third.
I see.
Sasuke…
We shall raise him to never dishonor his name.
There, there, Itachi!
Itachi!
I'm like that too.
Birth…death…birth…death…
Hey, hey!
Aren't you Itachi? An Uchiha in my class?
Let's play together.
What do you want to do today?
Kick the can! Let's play kick the can!
Huh? We played that yesterday!
Hey! Are you dissing us?
Say something!
I have shuriken training right now.
- Wow... - Wow... Well then…
Let's practice shuriken too!
No, don't!
That kid!
Trying to act cool! What a stuck-up!
Hey, you guys. Stop it!
Shut up! This is between us guys!
Life is born.
Life dies.
Life is…a battle…
Hey! Don't run away!
Wow!
Was it a girl?
It's a boy.
He's so cute!
What's your name?
Hey Mom…
Is Lord Fourth going to have a baby too?
Yes, I wonder what it'll be.
I'll be going out tonight, so go ahead and have dinner.
Okay.
Your father's working too, so please watch Sasuke.
Uh-huh.
It's a full moon tonight, Sasuke.
What is this?
Welcome home, father! Please teach me jutsu!
Jutsu?
Aren't they teaching you at the Academy?
It's too easy.
As expected from my son. I guess it would be for you.
Wait for me at the training grounds.
Make sure you're home by dinner.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "The Genius"
Okay, I got it.
ITACHI'S STORY – LIGHT AND DARKNESS: THE GENIUS
Tune in again!